=== Web-To-Lead Capture Plugin for Fat Free CRM

This plugin shows how to implement Fat Free CRM application controller
callback hook to capture lead data submitted from remote form. For more
information about Fat Free CRM visit http://github.com/michaeldv/fat_free_crm/tree/master

=== Installation

The plugin installs just like any Ruby on Rails plugin packaged as git.
Assuming that you have Fat Free CRM up and running:

  $ ./script/install plugin git://github.com/michaeldv/crm_web_to_lead.git

The sample plugin will be installed in vendor/plugins/crm_web_to_lead directory.

=== Quick How To

To submit a lead remote form should POST two extra hidden fields to
identify the user who will own the lead:

  <input type="hidden" name="authorization" value="-- password_hash here --">
  <input type="hidden" name="token" value="-- password_token here --">

Two more hidden fields specify redirection URLs to handle successful
submissions and possible validation errors:

  <input type="hidden" name="on_success" value="-- fuccess URL here --">
  <input type="hidden" name="on_success" value="-- failure URL here --">

The following sample is a good start to build your own lead capture form.

  <html>
  <body>
    <form action="http://localhost:3000/leads/create" method="post">
      <input name="lead[first_name]" value="">
      <input name="lead[last_name]" value="">
      <input name="lead[source]" value="Web">
      <input name="authorization" value="?">
      <input name="token" value="?"
      <input name="on_success" value="http://www.yoursite.com/success">
      <input name="on_failure" value="http://www.yoursite.com/failure">
      <input type="submit" value="OK">
    </form
  </body>
  </html>

Replace question marks with the actual values of +password_hash+ and
+password_token+ as set in +users+ table. Successful lead submissions
get logged in Rails log file.

Enjoy!

== Alternative Signup with XML

To submit new leads via xml (useful for inline code submissions to a synced app or via AJAX).
Default root xml element should be :"ffcrm", this is required to ensure the parameters are checked correctly.

On source app :

 #Required fields:
 #access, do-not-call, first-name, last-name 
  xml = Builder::XmlMarkup.new
  xml.instruct!
  xml.ffcrm do
     xml.lead do
       xml.access "Public" #or Private 
       xml.address "1234 Sample Address", "nil" => "true"
       xml.tag!("alt-email", "", "nil" => "true")
       xml.tag!("assigned-to", "", "nil" => "true", "type"=>"integer")
       xml.blog "", "nil" => "true"
       xml.tag!("campaign-id", "", "nil" => "true", "type"=>"integer")
       xml.company "", "nil" => "true"  
       xml.tag!("do-not-call", "false", "type"=>"boolean")
       xml.email "foo.bar@here.com", "nil" => "true" 
       xml.tag!("first-name", "Foo")
       xml.tag!("last-name", "Bar")
       xml.mobile "", "nil" => "true"
       xml.phone "", "nil" => "true"
       xml.tag!("referred-by", "", "nil" => "true")
       xml.source "", "nil" => "true"
       xml.status "", "nil" => "true"
       xml.title "", "nil" => "true"
       xml.tag!("user-id", "", "type" => "integer", "nil" => "true") 
       xml.tag!("uuid", "", "nil" => "true")                               
     end
     xml.authorization "password_hash for user in Fat Free CRM"
     xml.token "password_salt for user in Fat Free CRM"       
  end
	
	#Add to fat free CRM
	url = URI.parse('http://localhost:3000/leads.xml')
	request = Net::HTTP::Post.new(url.path)
	request.content_type = 'text/xml'
	request.body = xml.target!
	response = Net::HTTP.start(url.host, url.port) {|http| http.request(request)} 
	

---
Copyright (c) 2009 by Michael Dvorkin, released under the MIT license.



